
    README file of the Test suite for ParetoLib
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

This README contains information about every data file used in the test
suite of ParetoLib for OracleSTL. Each *.[txt|bin] file defines an OracleSTL.
OracleSTL is an oracle that evaluates parametrised Signal Temporal Logic (STL)
formulas for guiding the discovery of closures.
OracleSTL uses the external tool JAMT for evaluating STL formulas.
So, part of the information contained in the *.[txt|bin] file correspond to
the configuration and running environment of JAMT.

The files required by the JAMT tool are:
- A signal in VCD format (*.vcd).
- A parametrised STL specification (*.stl).
- A mapping between variables in the signal and variables in STL (*.alias).

OracleSTL needs an extra configuration file (*.param) for pointing out the
parameters of the STL formula that it will consider.

All the examples are classified in folders (1D/2D/3D/ND) depending on the
number of parameters in the STL formula (i.e., 2 parameters for 2D, 3 parameters
for 3D and so on). Examples named 'sincos', 'square' and 'airplane' are extracted
from [1], section 5, table 1; or inspired in them. Examples named 'stabilization'
are extracted from [2], section 4.


[1] Bakhirkin, A., Ferrere, T., and Maler, O. (2018, April).
"Efficient Parametric Identification for STL".
In Proceedings of the 21st International Conference on Hybrid Systems: Computation and Control
(pp. 177-186). ACM.

[2] Nickovic, D., Lebeltel, O., Maler, O., Ferrere, T., and Ulus, D. (2018, April).
"AMT 2.0: Qualitative and Quantitative Trace Analysis with Extended Signal Temporal Logic".
In Proceedings of the 24st International Conference on Tools and Algorithms for the Construction and Analysis of Systems
(pp. 303-319). Springer, Cham.




    File format
"""""""""""""""""
There are two kind of files (*.txt, *.bin):
- *.txt are textual human-readable files.

The three first lines of the *.txt are filenames.
They correspond to files required by the JAMT tool.
The first line points to the file containing a parametrised STL formula.
The JAMT will check a particular instance of this STL formula over a signal.
The second line points to the file containing a representation of the signal in VCD format.
The third line points to a file that maps variables in the VCD file into variables of the STL formula.
The last line points to a file containing the parameters of the STL formula.
These parameters implicitly define the n-dimensional space of the Pareto search, i.e.,
the first parameter matches the coordinate 'x', the second parameter matches the coordinate 'y' and so on.
The dimension of the n-dimensional space is equal to the number of parameters in the STL formula.

- *.bin are binary files created by the serialization of Oracles with the Python's Pickle library.
